---
title: "home"
bg: white     #defined in _config.yml, can use html color like '#010101'
color: black  #text color
style: center
---

# University of Leicester ReSET Service

## Who are we?
The University of Leicester's ReSET (Research Software Engineering Team) are a group of software engineers with expertise in research-sector programming. We cover a range of technologies and subject areas, and are always looking to expand the number of researchers and research fields we support.

## What we do 
ReSET offer software engineering expertise to researchers (typically Post-doctoral level and above). This includes anything from writing of bespoke code from scratch, to expansion of a web service to a larger scale, or optimisation and parallelisation of HPC code.

We also run a number of formal training sessions (a subset of those listed [here](https://www2.le.ac.uk/offices/lli/staff-development/events/courses/it/hpc)), as well as offering more informal advice on technical issues.

## How to apply
Perhaps you have an idea for a new project, or you have a code that runs too slowly for your liking. If so, we'd like to hear from you! We periodically put out a call for applications for RSE (Research Software Engineer) time. Applications can be made by completing the questionnaire [here](https://leicester.onlinesurveys.ac.uk/reset "Application Questionnaire").

ReSET projects typically consist of around 3 months' work, depending on the required effort. Both funded and unfunded projects are welcome to apply for time.

We encourage those writing grant applications for projects that will rely on RSE time to contact us during the grant application writing stage, in order to discuss the help we can provide, and inform the costings at application time.

## Contact
The ReSET team can be contacted at XXX.

## Examples of our work
Please take a look at a few projects we have worked on in the past:

[Variant Validator]()

[Market modelling]()

[Phantom]()

[AtChem2]()

[Microscope]()

[IASI]()

[EAMENA]()

[NAME]()
